Hai.. So..
Yeah...
So..
What saying?
My console. Okay. I like
The  Sardama?
He was already a part of that group.
Ha... ha... ha...
And somehow, as wise as he is,
Sounds like he was not catching it.
He was not catching that he's kind of being outcast.
Because he went though... Ahhh..
Galagio, Gandalf...
They were all talking, but at the end, it really got to an end.
Gandalf are the main people talking.... yeah... yeah... yeah...
It's almost like no one's here. (***)
uh-huh... Yeah...
Ha, ha, ha...
And also why him too..he was kind of comical.
in a sense but you yes you're right you're just talking
No one else is answering.
So... but..    Yeah... yeah... yeah...
I think they tried because you can see it in the long version.
The soup scenes or different scenes I think they have joked around.
but it didn't really match with the movie so those are the...
They can cut those seams out to make it shorter, which I think was smarter.
yeah but the Lord of the Rings was a lot more serious compared to
Yeah others... Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah   well, it's starting to get more serious because the situation gets more serious.
But billboard is still billboard so that brings
kind of humor even the you know next
Second one too... wait.. wait..
yeah when the dragon between dragon and him right
The way he acts, the way he walks.
the way he kind of tried to steal that.
uh arkansas
Because the way he moves, he's like so beautiful.
And that way he moves his fingers.
It's always like, don't.
Don't move, don't move. You know, that kind of thing.
Yeah...
Yeah, and he sits down.
Yeah, yeah, he's kind of good... but...
Yeah...
Fourdty minutdes..He does end up, he continues to have it.
yeah yeah yeah even thieves...
you know, escape from the...
So this is like the last third movie.
he escapes not escapes but go to meet the uh the woodlands
uh the king right and then said you you don't want
You don't want that food.
the both  she walks and then it's like you uh let the
prisoner's gold and you're the one who did it and he does..  yes...
Ha.. ha.. ha..   yes.... and  (***)
That corkiness is so good.
other person who kind of brings seriousness.
Humor is the Lake Town the mean guy.
(***) The one down uni Yeah...
Unibrow in itself is kind of funny...   Yeah...
But..   Yeah...
But he is a very bad guy, but the way he acts...
kind of brings kind of not a smile but kind of another quirkiness into the movie
So they and...   , yeah, Ying-Yi character.
And then (***) everybody hates him?
but it's kind of like not like life-threatening
they're really mean to him and everything but at the same time
It's not like, I don't know.
Fourty three was everybody hates him, but I don't know he brings some kind of character
that doesn't make him so too evil
Yeah...Yeah, that's a good one.
and then he tried to be
like all the masters but he everybody knows he's not
And he knows he's not, but he's acting like it. so  he tries.
you.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. (***)   yeah.. yeah..
So she can flip side like no problem. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
so..
Almost like a TV guy guy
Ha, ha, ha...
(***)You can be defeated.
Defeated really quickly and then turn sides really quickly.
Yeah...
Yeah...Just for himself and that's it. And everybody knows that.
Yeah.. but other..
Wow..., everybody kind of have their...
even the elf, what's his name, the one that...
Legolas has some quirkiness in the second movie, I think.
The way he..(***)
That was the way he kind of gives in
To... hmmm...
i don't know it's a quirkiness but he's not like
as serious as the first episode.